

The NZ Government has implemented the requirement for all travelers to have a voucher confirming their place in managed isolation quarantine (MIQ) facilities before boarding their flight. Write the code snippets to implement the queue, add/remove from the queue, find the number of travelers in the queue, and find if it is empty.

What is the type of collection used in the exercise?
Queue.
What are the different ways of iterating through a collection?
For loop, while loop. But NA in this example
How do you find out the size of a collection?
For this example, qsize finds the size of a collection 
# define a function to find queue length
def fifoLength(queue):
return queue.qsize()
 
How do you add an item to a collection? What happens if you try to add an item to a collection that is already full?
def fifoEnqueue(queue,item):
  return queue.put(item)
This function enables data to be added at the end of a queue. Add an item to a collection that is already full will cause an overflow.
How do you remove an item to a collection? What happens if you try to remove an item that does not exist in the collection?
	To remove from the front of a queue, there will be a timeout if the item does 	not exist
	queue.get();
Change the implementation of a FIFO queue to a LIFO queue in 5.6.1.
Import Queue, use LifoQueue() class from the queue module 	
NewIQ is a small health provider in Newmarket, Auckland, NZ. Their business has 10 patient beds available for patients. Write a small code snippet to ensure the receptionist can assign a bed to a patient when a patient arrives, assign a bed to a patient when a doctor calls ahead of time, can tell if there are any beds available.
 

What is the type of collection used in the exercise?
List 

What are the different ways of iterating through a collection?
In this example, for and while loop are used. 

How do you find out the size of a collection?
array.length

How do you add an item to a collection? What happens if you try to add an item to a 
collection that is already full?

How do you remove an item to a collection? What happens if you try to remove an item that does not exist in the collection?
